My name is Mickey.
I moved here one year ago.
Everyone was so nice and friendly.
Well, that's how I felt in the beginning.
Not your babysitter.
Didn't you see we were talking?
Come on!
This is not a park!
And the elders are always busy.
I'm not sure if they really want me here.
Yoko, a pioneer sister from my former congregation visited me.
She asked me how I was doing.
I told her how I feel about my congregation.
Then she told me that she had a similar experience.
And she shared with me a watchtower article that helped her.
I made this my next personal study project.
What do you see when you look at others?
Do you have the tendency to view what they say or do as either black or white?
As if no other colors or shades existed?
Having that viewpoint would be like a photographer who ignores the large variety of brilliant
hues and shades in an autumn landscape.
As if only black and white images existed.
Maybe I've been viewing the congregation as black and white.
The article then turned my attention to Jesus' example.
The spirit of course is eager, but the flesh is weak.
Why was Jesus able to say such kind words to his disciples?
Insight is the ability to put yourself in the others place.
Jesus did that with his disciples.
Okay, I need to do the same.
She always looks after the children at home.
She also needs time to be refreshed by association with friends at the kingdom hall.
She probably didn't mean to be rude.
Since we looked like we were having an enjoyable conversation, she may have just wanted to
join us.
The elders are so busy caring for the needs of the congregation.
I know they're doing the best they can.
I want to do what I can to make their job easier.
You are such a beautiful Christian.
We're so glad to have you in our congregation.
The inside of a man certainly slows down his anger.
And it is beauty on his part to overlook an offense.